README.md, before:

# bbcode-gradient
This BBCode Gradient Generator allows you to create horizontal gradient effects for your text, which can be used in forums such as MAL. Customize the appearance of your text by selecting start and end colors, choosing fonts, adjusting size, and applying bold or italic styles.

## How to Use
1. **Enter Text**: Start by typing or pasting your desired text into the textarea.
2. **Choose Gradient Colors**: Select the start and end colors for your gradient effect. You can use the color picker to customize the colors.
3. **Select Font**: Choose a font style from the available options, such as Arial or Verdana.
4. **Adjust Text Size**: Specify the size of your text, later on will add support for custom size.
5. **Text Style Options**: You can make your text bold or italic by checking the corresponding checkboxes.
6. **Preview BBCode**: Click on the BBcode preview text box and copy the raw BBcode, in the future a copy and clear button will be added.

## Gradient Effects
The generator currently only provides 1 effect:

- **Horizontal Gradient**: Creates a horizontal gradient effect.

Feel free to experiment with different colors to achieve the desired look for your text.

## Examples
Here's an example of generated BBCode:
```bbcode
[b][size=300][color=#00fffb]h[/color][color=#30fbe8]e[/color][color=#61f8d4]l[/color][color=#91f4c1]l[/color][color=#c1f0ad]o[/color][/size][/b]
```

This BBCode will produce a gradient-colored text in forums or about mes that support the specified BBCode.
Enjoy enhancing your forum posts and profiles with stylish gradient text!

Commit message:

Clear steps added + CTRL cmnds

README.md, after:

# bbcode-gradient
This BBCode Gradient Generator allows you to create horizontal gradient effects for your text, which can be used in forums such as MAL. Customize the appearance of your text by selecting start and end colors, choosing fonts, adjusting size, and applying bold or italic styles.

## How to Use
1. **Enter Text**: Start by typing or pasting your desired text into the textarea. You can clear the text by doing CTRL + Y
2. **Choose Gradient Colors**: Select the start and end colors for your gradient effect. You can use the color picker to customize the colors.
3. **Select Font**: Choose a font style from the available options, such as Arial or Tahoma.
4. **Adjust Text Size**: Specify the size of your text, later on will add support for custom sizes.
5. **Text Style Options**: You can make your text bold or italic by checking the corresponding checkboxes.
6. **Preview BBCode**: Click on the BBcode preview text box and copy the raw BBcode, or CTRL + X to copy.

## Gradient Effects
The generator currently only provides 1 effect:

- **Horizontal Gradient**: Creates a horizontal gradient effect.

Feel free to experiment with different colors to achieve the desired look for your text.

## Examples
Here's an example of generated BBCode:
```bbcode
[b][size=300][color=#00fffb]h[/color][color=#30fbe8]e[/color][color=#61f8d4]l[/color][color=#91f4c1]l[/color][color=#c1f0ad]o[/color][/size][/b]
```
This BBCode will produce a gradient-colored text in forums or about mes that support the specified BBCode.

Enjoy enhancing your forum posts and profiles with stylish gradient text!
